#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
CONVENTIONAL VS MODERN CONTROL THEORY
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
conventional control and modern control.
 Conventional control covers the concepts and techniques developed up to
 1950.
 Modern control covers the techniques from 1950 to the present.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
CONVENTIONAL CONTROL:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Conventional control relies upon developing a model of the control system
 using differential equations.
 LaPlace transforms are then used to express the system equations in the
 frequency domain where they can be manipulated algebraically.Due to the
 complexity of the mathematics, conventional control methods were used mostly
 for Single-Input-Single-Output (SISO) systems.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subparagraph*
MODERN CONTROL
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Modern control methods were developed with a realization that control system
 equations could be structured in such a way that computers could efficiently
 solve them.
 It was shown that any nth order differential equation describing a control
 system could be reduced to n 1st order equations.
 These equations could be arranged in the form of matrix equations.
 This method is often referred to as the state variable method.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
j
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
